This song is about leaving your childhood home. Ivee and I wrote it pretty much literally, because we both have experienced leaving our childhood home in search of something new, but it took on a whole new meaning during the pandemic. Now it's more of a ballad to being locked in! I love that about music, how you might write one song, but by the time it's "done" you're writing a completely different song that's relatable to a variety of situations.

This song really evolved over the span of a year. I first started writing it back in 2018, and I was considering it as a part of The Marketplace, but there's something about the general vibe of it that didn't fit my old Pop Punk style. Although, back then I always tried to fit things into that style, because Pop Punk (and Rock in general) was the lens through which I saw all songwriting. Back then, I didn't have the ability yet to write something that was a departure from the drums, bass, guitar, piano, and vocal slots and the way that I had written it original had me screaming to hit those very high notes. Very angsty, but somehow that didn't feel like the direction this song wanted to go in. So, I stowed this song away.

Cut to a couple years later and Ivee and I are talking about the experience of leaving your childhood home. And of course, the tinge of regret you feel later. At that point, I didn't think of it as a song lyric, but I pretty much just said "all I wanna do is go back to a time when it wasn't so hard to be happy", and as soon as I said it, it hit me. That's a song lyric. Actually, that's a song in itself, and it all started to click into place. I had this ukulele riff from another song that didn't work out, and so I used it in this one and tried it out. I grabbed the old chorus for New House, and the lyrics are still the same, they're just sung differently. From there we just kept building on it, and it really goes to show that it's a good practice to keep all your old stuff, because it might come in handy later on.